Add GitHub actions documentation (#69)
undefinedlabs/scope-docs: docs/java-installation.md

    javaAgents += "com.undefinedlabs.scope" % "scope-agent" % "0.2.3" % "test"
  )
```

### Instrumenting your tests

After this, you can run your tests as you normally do, for example using the `sbt clean test` command.

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

## Environment variables

The following environment variables need to be configured when instrumenting your tests or application:

| Environment variable | Default value       | Description                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `$SCOPE_DSN`         |                     | API Endpoint and API Key in the form `https://<SCOPE_APIKEY>@<SCOPE_API_ENDPOINT>` to use when sending data to Scope (\*) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$SCOPE_DSN`         |                     | Data source name (DSN) of Scope to be used when reporting results (\*) |
```
